if I'd carry on eating fish like I was
doing in the last year I've developed
fins by now
and actually I'm bored to death with
fish and I want to get back to a bit of
simple peasant cooking and some red meat
and for those of you who are vegetarians
switch off because this program is
really going to upset you
Richard who is our cameraman here come
down look at the ingredients I'm going
to show you what it all is this is some
lovely fatty and grisly Shin of beef
it's important that it's Shin because
the veins and the gristle make it a very
unctuous flavor when it's finally cooked
I've picked in some little holes and
stuffed in some garlic into all of them
that's quite an important leader oh here
we go Richard little shallots
beautifully appealed fresh garlic orange
peel an onion stuffed with cloves can
you see that all right just three cloves
in an onion like that some very fresh
herbs rosemary a dried bay leaf that
sort of fresh herb fresh thyme and fresh
parsley some chopped up tomato okay some
fatty pork or bacon and some bacon
without any fat on it and a bowl of
mushrooms but because this is a Floyd
program we always cook in lemonade as
you know one of the most essential
things is going to be a bottle of good
strong red wine because you'll probably
need half a bottle to go into the into
the dish itself and you will need half a
bottle to go into yourself to make
things really cheerful
so with a little olive oil and arlene
and our fat bacon we get the pan up to
frying speed highly humorous of them try
this and whack it loud it's golden brown
leaving the fat behind into our mummy
which is this lovely earthenware pot
from which slow cooking beef really
benefits from being popped into that
kind of thing but if you have to use
aluminium or tin it doesn't really
matter then into the fat we put our
pieces of beef which you'll remember I
stuffed little tubes as a Dalek in Hood
this is the importance of trying speed
to see because it quickly brands the
meat and a little tip here we're gonna
put some salt on but never put salt on
isn't this cracking noise loud funny
isn't it it's real cooking this is you
never put salt on meat until it has been
sealed otherwise it left out all of the
flavors hold on like that black pepper
like that really hard run that's
obviously gonna cook film ohmmeter -
I'll have a quick clip and then
the comeback residuals too far away
please come back we've got that nicely
nicely sealed and brown and it goes
straight away those eclectic look can
you sit into this pot we lift it into
the bacon this is all you there one a
piece per person here by the way one
piece per person give them plenty my old
sergeant made you to take one per man
per day oh yeah there is the first part
of our dough now we have the rest of the
ingredients Richard you have to follow
me back because all these other things
now have to go in and the first thing is
a Triggs Potter okay things Potter a
little land mine now see mine and onion
will it's cloves the four or five pieces
of orange peel plate full of little
shallots or small pickling onions if you
haven't blocks some of these mushrooms
like that okay then one sprig of
rosemary can go in so this is looking
rather pretty actually a bay leaf has
gone in a sprig lit of time don't overdo
the herbs and a little packet as we say
in French of parsley cover the lot with
the tomatoes like that I'll just miss
that usually looks where the track looks
like the front of an Elizabeth David
book actually I shouldn't insult her
like that she's one of the finest cooks
ever was and then in with our lovely
bottle of wine all you now have to do is
put the lid of that onto that and in the
oven